>> Brian Holt: Let's go start
making some cool stuff in search.
So search.jsx,
while this is a might fine component,
we'll be expanding this a little bit.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna import our preload data.
So we're gonna say import
preload from './data', right?
If you remember that's
beta data.json file.
If you need a refresher of what it
looks like this is what it looks like.
It's just a bunch of
metadata about TV shows,
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then we're gonna create a div.
Its className= ' search'.
>> Brian Holt: And,
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, if you want to,
you can do something that's kind of useful
sometimes to do is you can use a pre in
code,
>> Brian Holt: To view JSON output.
This is just a debugging
trick that I've used a bunch.
And honestly, stole from Ryan Florence
the creator of React Router.
And he also does
a Frontend Masters course.
>> Brian Holt: So all this is gonna
do is it's going to preformat and
print out whatever is in preload.
So if we refresh here.
Did I?
I probably shut that down.
>> Brian Holt: Can't resolve ./data.
It's gonna be ../data.
>> Brian Holt: Looks like the ESLint is
gonna require that we put .JSON on there,
so put .JSON.
>> Brian Holt: And now, hopefully,
if you go refresh here,
you can see this is what
our data looks like.
>> Brian Holt: So that trick that I
showed you with the JSON.stringify and
pre-encode.
That's really useful if you are not
sure what prompts are coming in or
how your state's changing over time.
Its just a really useful way to dump
a bunch of data to the DOM really quick.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so
now that we have that, let's go and
do,
>> Brian Holt: Let's actually go and
print out all of our shows.
So first thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna printout the title for
every show individually.
You wanna make it into H3.
What we have is we have
an array of show data, right?
And we wanna transform that into an array
of show components of some sort.
So for those of you that have any
functional programming background,
some bells should be going off in your
head of what you should do here, right?
If we're transforming one array from array
of one thing to an array of another thing,
that's a map, right?
That's an all-day map.
So that's what we're gonna be using here.
This is actually one of my
favorite points about React.
Cuz most of React is just JavaScript.
Now it seems kind of obvious to
say that out loud, but I mean
that in the regard of I want to pick on
Angular just cuz that's the one I know.
And I'm talking about old Angular, right?
Angular 1 and before there was a lot of
domain specific language in Angular,
right?
You had to know how to do an NG4 and
those were very specific Angular skills.
And then once you've
moved on from Angular,
those skills no longer apply, right?
You can't do NG4 with Ember,
it doesn't make any sense.
What I like about React is for
the most part it's just JavaScript, right?
There's very little domain
specific language for React soft.
There's some, I'm not denying
that there isn't some, right?
Knowing to put class name in there,
it's annoying right?
It's a very React specific thing to do.
But I'm getting on to say that,
we're gonna be using array map here
to do what NG4 does in Angular and
what pound each does in Ember, right?
So let's take a look at what
that actually looks like.
We're gonna do preload.shows.map,
>> Brian Holt: And I'm gonna say show.
>> Brian Holt: And for
now we're just gonna return an h3,
>> Brian Holt: With show.title.
>> Brian Holt: So Prettier took it
away but what I had here was this.
So this right here in the map.
>> Brian Holt: This is just
a normal arrow function, right?
We're taking a show, right?
Well, let's go back and
talk about map for just a moment, right?
So preload.shows is an array, right?
We're gonna take that array and
we're gonna call map on it.
And what that does is gonna
call this function right here,
once on every element.
Whenever this function returns, it's going
to be returned in a new array, right?
So we're gonna take this array,
which is an array of objects, and
we're going to transform it into
an array of React components, cool?
Are we cool so far with that idea?
>> Brian Holt: Now if you remember,
what I referenced very briefly earlier,
React knows what to do with
array of elements, right?
So if we give it an array of elements,
it knows how to render those.
So that's precisely what we're doing,
is we're giving it an array of elements,
okay?
So that's what's going on here.
Now, particularly with arrow functions,
if you have exactly one parameter,
no more, no less,
the parentheses around
the parameters are optional.
So as soon as I save this,
it's gonna take away these parentheses.
That's where they're going.
It's Prettier that takes them away.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now if I come back here,
you'll notice that I have
a bunch of H3 on the page.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 2: Is it best practice
to pull out the preload.shows
into another JSX variable and
then put it inside the div?
Or is it still, I don't know,
would you consider doing
the map function inside
the div to be best practice?
>> Brian Holt: It definitely
depends on what you're doing.
Another beautiful point about React is
it's not really super specific about
what it wants you to break
into components and what not.
I found that when I was first writing
React I had a tendency to break things
down into just tiny,
tiny, tiny components,
to the point that it was no longer useful,
right?
Cuz things were made up of
too many components and
just didn't make a lot of sense.
So now I try to break them
down into atomic objects.
In fact, that's that we're, you're kind
of beating me to my punch here, jerk.
No, I'm just kidding.
That we're gonna build a component in
here, and then I'm gonna comment to you
that this is to big and
that we should break it two components.
So, let's go make it too big first, and
then we'll break it into two components.
But for now, this is a tiny component.
If this was all this was doing,
yeah, this is great,
let's just leave it that way, right?
There's no hard and fast rules like if
there's a map, then you must do this.
I don't know.
Someone might make that rule, I don't.
I try to do what's sane, right?
I find those dogmatic rules typically
don't serve you in the long run.